
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
         (313)558-5024 - Supra 14.4 - Sysop: Gug
               A Game Master Support BBS
          RPG, Homebrew Beer,  & Fiction Text
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.

Author: cbcsc063@ma.secs.csun.edu (Roger M. Wilcox a.k.a. Jeff Boeing)

Anyways, IUDC was written (primarily) in 1986.  This story, The Sick Kids,
is its sequel, and was written two years later in 1988.  To date this is
the only novel-length work of fiction I have concocted, and it still stands
as one of my better (though still seriously flawed) prose works.

Those of you who have memorized the nuances of all the AD&D first edition
loopholes will doubtlessly get a big kick out of this.  Especially if you
picked apart "Unearthed Arcana" the way I did when I got it in the *middle*
of writing this story.  (Unearthed Arcana is referred to as "The Other Book
of Infinite Wisdom" by the characters in this story.)

If anyone's interested, I can put together an ASCII version of the actual
character sheets for the characters in this story.  I used them *constantly*
for reference to make sure I wasn't missing any of their (tons of) abilities
or enabling them to do anything they couldn't.

----------CUT HERE----------CUT HERE-----------CUT HERE----------

   Roger M. Wilcox                           Length = 55000 words
18550 Prairie St. # 10
 Northridge, CA 91324
    April 2, 1987









                         "The Sick Kids"
                         Roger M. Wilcox







                             PART ONE

     Sick Sword nursed her baby daughter in one arm and her Sick
Sword in the other.  Disgusting Sword was quite a name to be born
with, but she was worth it.  After all, she would never have even
been born had not the Intercontinental Union of Disgusting
Characters brought Sick Sword and Ringman the paladin together.
     Ringman entered from a nearby room and smiled at the sight. 
About a year ago, Sick Sword had moved the small keep she'd
gained from the Deck of Many Things to the same clearing in which
she and Ringman had had their first romantic interlude, and the
sunlit trees sparkled gaily through the portal spells -- er,
windows.  This place hadn't seen any combat in its life, and
Ringman always liked being able to walk around without having to
wear +5 plate mail.
     "Do you know what day this is?" Sick Sword asked as she
simultaneously carried on a telepathic conversation with the Sick
Sword.
     "It's Tuesday," Ringman chuckled in reply.
     "Mm hmm.  It was also one year ago this date that the
I.U.D.C. was completely disbanded."
     "Oh, that's _right_!  It is, isn't it?  And it's also the
first anniversary of Omnion's death."
     "Thank goodness you got rid of her, too.  She was a real
pain.  I'm just sorry that God II doesn't condone going to the
outer planes and destroying someone's soul, otherwise I'd --"
     "-- But you wouldn't want to lose your alignment status, now
would you?" Ringman assured her.
     "Mm, I s'pose not.  I just don't like the thought of her
taking over Hell, or coming back as a 49th-level arch-lich, or
plane-travelling to any of the other outer planes and wreaking
any more havoc."
     Ringman hadn't heard of this last one.  "She can do that?"
     "Well, not for another 99 years; and even then she couldn't
get away with much.  Most of her power lay in her magic items,
and they've all been stored away in The Dungeon."
     "Uh, you _do_ mean a few levels _below_ The Dungeon, don't
you?"
     "Yeah, yeah, well, it's all the same place," Sick Sword
agreed as she put down her Sick Sword.  "I had to do _something_
with that old freehold of mine, didn't I?  And what better use is
there for stone walls and adamantite bars than to hold all the
surviving Union members?"
     "Ah yes.  Wild Max, the Grandfather of Assassins; Rango, the
17th-level ranger; Dirk the Destructive, the 20th-level anti-
paladin; Da Bad Dude, the 31st-level evil illusionist; and that
dastardly 20th-level 'paladin' Peter Perfect.  I hope I never see
any of 'em again."
     "Without their magic items and stripped of their psionic
powers, they're just as harmless as 31st-level kittens."
     Ringman suppressed a shudder and decided to change the
subject.  "So, what were you discussing with your sword just
now?"
     'He's getting pretty perceptive,' Sick Sword noted.  "I was
just seeing how well it was doing in the major benign powers
department."
     "And how many major powers does it have now?"
     "It's up to five.  Two more and I get another prime power."
     Ringman shook his head and snorted a disbelieving chuckle as
he turned and walked out of the room.  "I always thought it took
more than a year for something to become an artifact," he
muttered.
     The Sick Sword's rate of power gain _was_ pretty impressive,
she figured.  "I have eight extraordinary powers and eight
special purposes," the Sick Sword had told her.  "I'm almost an
artifact right now.  Why not let me go that last extra step and
become a real artifact?"  She had agreed, but she also made sure
that the sword picked up enough malevolent and side effects to
keep its personality score below hers.  The sword, therefore, now
had "alignment of possessor permanently changed to that of item"
and "user has limited omniscience" as well as bestowing total
immunity to all forms of mental and psionic attack.
     She fingered Disgusting Sword's chin lightly, and the baby
replied with "Hi mommy, you feel nice."  Age 3 months was a
little late to start speaking, but she would catch up.  She'd
need all the skills she could muster if she were to become as
powerful as Sick Sword wanted her to be.
     And then again, she thought as she rubbed her belly, if
Disgusting Sword didn't measure up, there was always the next
child she was pregnant with.
                                #
     "YOU!!" Rango screamed, clawing through the adamantite bars. 
"YOU'RE the one who got me into this mess!  You ought to be in
one of these cells just as much as any of us!!"
     Clerasil the 38th-level high priest maintained his smugness. 
"If you recall, I changed my mind."
     "Yeah, right, and I suppose none of the other Union members
gave you AAANNYYY peer pressure to stay in the group!"
     "That's right."
     "That's because you were away from headquarters when you
defected!!"
     "True, true.  But Wierd Dough wasn't away from
headquarters."
     "He was also nearly fried by that half-elven ultra-arch-
devil!"
     "Koenieg, Middle Monk, and Melnic the Loud thought the risk
was worth taking."
     "My God IV, man, Wierd Dough didn't even let me IN on what
was going on!!"
     "You knew about them later.  Omnion was practically
screaming their names out at every turn, from what I hear.  You
could _always_ have come over to the Right Side."
     "UP YOUR SIXTEEN-FOOT-STOP, CLERASIL!!"
     Clerasil, in the most insulting gesture he could dream up,
grinned at him and left without an